[Music]
[Applause]
guys it's epidemic here bringing you
another commentary and clash of clans I
was actually really excited to make this
video because if you guys haven't
noticed there's a new intro to the app
thunder videos that we're going to be
implementing on our future videos so if
you guys liked it definitely leave a
comment on what you think about it or
like this video and it always helps if
you guys subscribe to me and you guys
get updates on my future videos and I
love seeing anyone who subscribes and
reading all your comments so definitely
do that so without further ado we're
going to be talking about the gem box
update which actually was released in
the last patch but I'm going to give you
a brief history on it basically the gem
box the gem box update had a minor bug
in it where people would open the gem
box and they wouldn't really get
anything
so basically supercell has patched it up
but they said they wouldn't be able to
really sleep a CH without giving guys a
new download so obviously they're not
going to release a new download for the
game for just this one little bug so
it'll be released in the next patch
the next major download so expect to see
the gem box soon but I'm going to show
you guys how to get the gem box so you
guys are ready for it when it comes out
now basically the gem box acts as an
obstacle so you can get it just by
clearing trees and everything else so
the way to get it is basically to clear
out as much as you can you guys can see
my base I don't have any obstacles at
the moment which basically works the
same way as any other tree Rock or
anything else you just clear as much as
you can and you'll get more if you have
it more if you have more cleared out so
the gem box works the same way once you
have a lot of almost everything cleared
out you probably have a higher percent
chance of getting the gem box then if
your base was cluttered with obstacles
that you already that you haven't
cleared out yet so definitely keep those
cleared out and I'll probably post
another video once I do get the gem box
or once the next patch comes out and
hopefully I'll get the gem box right
away unlike the Christmas trees not not
to bring up past grievances but I know a
lot of you guys haven't gotten the
Christmas tree myself included
but that's nothing to worry about we got
gems coming so I and before I before I
go I think the gem box
don't don't quote me on this but I think
there's about thirty gems in the gem box
around 30 so it's a lot more than the
normal obstacles but I stay tuned for
that video that I'm going to post and
I'll probably post a link on this video
to that next video once it comes out but
if you haven't done so already please
subscribe to my videos it means a lot
thanks a lot this is a plunder signing
out